Exclude pkg main files from `no-unused-modules` (#1404)
benmosher/eslint-plugin-import: docs/rules/no-unused-modules.md

export default 5 // will not be reported
```

#### Important Note

> Exports from files listed as a main file (`main`, `browser` or `bin` fields in package.json) will be ignored by default. This does only apply, if the package.json is not set to `private: true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exports from files listed as a main file (`main`, `browser`, or `bin` fields in package.json) will be ignored by default. This does only apply, if the package.json is not set to `private: true`
```

> Exports from files listed as a main file (`main`, `browser`, or `bin` fields in package.json) will be ignored by default. This does only apply, if the package.json is not set to `private: true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exports from files listed as a main file (`main`, `browser`, or `bin` fields in `package.json`) will be ignored by default. This only applies if the `package.json` is not set to `private: true`
```
